Anyway, we arrived in Southampton and there was another enormous train.
And on each seat of this train there were little boxes.
And I vividly remember at home the only fruit you ate was what you picked off trees.
I had never seen a banana.
And I tried to eat this banana with the skin on because I had no idea what it was supposed to do.
And there was an orange. I was trying to eat that.
And people came along and showed us what to do.
Another long journey.
This time we arrived in London.
It was absolutely terrifying.
I knew nobody else.
And we all had big labels on us with our names on it.
Did your parents explain to you?
No. No one explained anything.
No one ever explained anything.
You had no idea what this meant.
In those days one did not explain to a child.
And I will suppose it to be a child.
At ten, my father was too busy trying to cope.
My mother trying to cope with the baby.
Again, very pregnant.
And the orphanage would tell you nothing at all.
We arrived in this enormous, enormous hall in London, which was set in tiers.
You know, platform.
And we were all sort of spread out.
And as your name was called, you'd have to go all the way down all the steps.
And meet the complete stranger.
Now with my luck, my name was Fairtime, so her tail ended again.
I walked, my name was called.
I walked down these steps.
And I looked at this man.
To me, he looked about eight foot tall.
And he held out his hand for me.
I put mine in his.
And we walked away.
He couldn't speak a word of German.
I couldn't speak a word of English.
We got to Paddington, which is the station, to bring me to Swansea, where I eventually lived.
And he was so desperate, he didn't know what to do.
And there was a little kiosk with soul sweets and chocolates.
And there were some peaches.
Now I knew about peaches.
So I pointed to the peaches.
And he went and got an enormous bag of peaches.
And the journey from London to Swansea, where I eventually lived, in those days took about six and a half hours.
And this poor man didn't know what to do, so he kept on feeding me peaches and wiping the juice off my chin.
And then I would smile at him, because I didn't know what to say or do.
And this poor man and I sat for six and a half hours with not one word between us.